Fix Issue #13671: Make sections consistent across modules (#15054)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/css/building_blocks/selectors/index.md

article > p { }
```

## Summary

> You can take a look at the [CSS reference for the various types of selectors](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Selectors) in this Learn section or on MDN in general, or continue on to start your journey by finding out about [type, class, and ID selectors](/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/Building_blocks/Selectors/Type_Class_and_ID_Selectors).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this article we've introduced CSS selectors, which enable you to target particular HTML elements.  Next, we'll take a closer look at [type, class, and ID selectors](/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/Building_blocks/Selectors/Type_Class_and_ID_Selectors).

For a complete list of selectors, see our [CSS selectors reference](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Selectors).
```
